Zhao Kai, this is the angel girl you can't watch
Blind your dog eyes
There's only one you can't play well
You are blind and my Xiao family has come
This is wishful thinking.
Forget about the leaves, I don't talk.
It's useless for you to interject
You pawn
The Xiao family is short of everything that has fallen in a year
Within the commercial jurisdiction of my Xiao family
All tea leaves are banned
No way out
Listen to what I explain
Master Xiao, your title defense is too much, right?
Do not distinguish right from wrong
Just cut this hammer into a benefactor
They also attack their own descendants
He even wants to make way for us boys
Your hand defending the title is too long
Which one are you?
Temple of Heaven Wonderland God of War Ye Qingmei
You want to use the name of the Temple of Heaven to oppress me
Maybe I used to be afraid of him
Not qualified now
I declare the birth of nine families from now on
Civil Guard
The rest are listed in the ban of my Xiao family
Enemy forever
No tolerance